# AERO MINER Hotspot
AERO MINER Hotspot is a product developed by Ecas Electro whose main activity is the distribution of electronic components. Ecas Electro was founded in 1991 having as main activity the sales of electronic components, electro- mechanical devices, modules, subsystems and various materials used in production, maintenance and service. 
# Company Information
For rapid development of products, to be launched on the market, is offered to our clients a wide range of development tools and software hardware structures for applications that include real-time operating systems, testing environments, debugging and compiling programs, libraries application programs, programmers, modules for test and development boards, technical assistance, information about products offered, seminars and symposium for the promotion of new products. 
	Also, since 2012, our company has started putting effort in the development and manufacture of hardware products.
	At the same time, to assist manufacturers of electronic equipment, Ecas Electro have a partnership with Felix Electronic Services (www.felix-ems.ro) an inhouse company of ECAS, owned by the same shareholders.  We are able to execute prototypes and series of electronic modules using modern technologies. Customers and other electronics designers can check their projects based on a large variety of components provided by our company, and then can order executions of large series. 
# Company Information
Ecas Electro SRL is a Romanian based company with over 31 years of experience in this field and a turnover of approximately $ 3 million per year and over 15 million in the last 5 years according to the statistics provided by the 2 profile sites: https://lege5.ro/Firma/ecas-electro-srl-2596172 and https://www.risco.ro/verifica-firma/ecas-electro-cui-2596172 .
	During Over the 31 years of activity we have had a wide range of products/services delivered to the market (e.g. electronic components, electro- mechanical devices, modules, subsystems and various materials used in production, maintenance and service) with a lot of satisfied partners including: TDK, Microchip, Digi, Mean Well, Maxim Integrated, Silicon Labs, Texas Instruments, Siretta, Digilent, Treston, etc.
	Ecas Electro is certified ISO9001, ISO14001, OHSAS 18001 to provide products, services and solutions to industrial and commercial users of electronic components.
	We can also provide you with a virtual tour of our factory if you wish, for an overview of our equipment and production line.
